gh-134160: Start "Extending and embedding" with a Diataxis-style tutorial (#142314)
python/cpython: Doc/extending/extending.rst

   Py_DECREF(result);

.. index:: single: PyArg_ParseTuple (C function)

.. _parsetuple:

Extracting Parameters in Extension Functions
============================================

The :ref:`tutorial <first-extension-module>` uses a ":c:data:`METH_O`"
function, which is limited to a single Python argument.
If you want more, you can use :c:data:`METH_VARARGS` instead.

> With this flag, the C function will receive a *tuple* of arguments

Reviewer: Why is tuple italicized here? If anything, I think it would be fine to link to ``` :class:`tuple` ```, but I don't see the need for the emphasis on this anyway.

Manual.  The remaining arguments must be addresses of variables whose type is
determined by the format string.

For example, to receive a single Python :py:class:`str` object and turn it
into a C buffer, you would use ``"s"`` as the format string::

   const char *command;
   if (!PyArg_ParseTuple(args, "s", &command)) {
       return NULL;
   }

If an error is detected in the argument list, :c:func:`!PyArg_ParseTuple`
returns ``NULL`` (the error indicator for functions returning object pointers);

> your function may return ``NULL``, relying on the exception set by
> :c:func:`PyArg_ParseTuple`.

Reviewer: This clause is a little confusing to me. I'm not sure it's right to say that we're "relying" on the exception set, because we're not actually depending on it being set (the caller is the on depending on it). Instead, it's more that we're propagating it to the caller. How about we say something like this?

```suggestion
your function may then return ``NULL``, which will propagate the exception set by
:c:func:`PyArg_ParseTuple` to the caller (commonly the Python interpreter itself).
```

Author: We're relying on it to fulfill the contract (an exception needs to be set when we return NULL).

This wording is taken from the removed section “Back to the Example”; I'd prefer leaving it for now.

Keyword Parameters for Extension Functions
==========================================

> If you also want your function to accept *keyword* arguments,

Reviewer: I don't understand the italics again. Maybe we can link to some other section on keyword arguments?
